Question 1: Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2

1.HTTP Stands for Hyper Text Transfer Protocol.
2. It is used in client-server communication. 
3.By using HTTP , user sends the request to the server & the server sends the response to the user.

Draw Backs of HTTP 1.1 that led to :

1.HTTP/1.1 transfer all the requests & responses in the plain text message form. 
2.Head of line blocking in which TCP connection is blocked all other requests until the response does not receive. 
3.All the information related to the header file is repeated in every request.

Advantages of HTTP2:

1.HTTP/2 was developed over the SPDY protocol. 
2.HTTP/2 works on the binary framing layer instead of textual that converts all the messages in binary format.
3.It works on fully multiplexed that is one TCP connection is used for multiple requests. 
4.HTTP/2 uses HPACK which is used to split data from header. it compresses the header. 
5.The server sends all the other files like CSS & JS without the request of the client using the PUSH frame.

Question 2:Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript

1.Objects is an unordered collection of related data, of primitive or reference types, in the form of “key: value” pairs.
2.These keys can be variables or functions and are called properties and methods, respectively, in the context of an object.
3.Variables that are assigned a reference value are given a reference or a pointer to that value. 
4.That reference or pointer points to the location in memory where the object is stored.
5.The variables don’t actually store the value.

Properties of Object:
1.A JavaScript object has properties associated with it. 
2.A property of an object can be explained as a variable that is attached to the object. 
3.Object properties are basically the same as ordinary JavaScript variables, except for the attachment to objects. 
4.The properties of an object define the characteristics of the object. 
5.You access the properties of an object with a simple dot-notation.
6.An object property name can be any valid JavaScript string, or anything that can be converted to a string, including the empty string.
7. We can use loop and iterate over Object to access values.

Creating Objects :
1.Using object literal, define the property and values inside curly braces .
2.Using Constructor:
  Constructor function allows to create multiple objects .
3.Using New Keyword.
4.Using Create Method.  
